Update README.md (#4)
deepgram/deepgram-api-specs: README.md

[![Discord](https://dcbadge.vercel.app/api/server/xWRaCDBtW4?style=flat)](https://discord.gg/xWRaCDBtW4)

# Deepgram API Specs

This is intended as the single-source-of-truth specification for the Deepgram API, being developed and maintained by the DX team. It includes the specifications of internal and external features.

## Publishing Workflow

> A public version of the specifications (scrubbed of internal and sensitive data) will be automatically published when any changes in this repo.

Author: ```suggestion
A public version of the specifications (scrubbed of internal and sensitive data) will be automatically published when any changes are made to our API to this repo.
```
